Hi welcome back in which we live we're going to be performing Twitter requests.
But before we do that please bear with me while we review this to make sure that nothing is confusing
here.
The first thing we're doing is creating a consumer create a consumer which uses consumer key and consumer
secret to identifying an app unique.
The client is then just used to perform requests.
So use the client to perform a request for the request.
This may be confusing we're performing a request for the request token but the request is one thing
and we're doing a request to an API.
OK.
And then we get that request of can they get the request token parsing the query string return.
And then we ask the user to authorize our app and give us the pin code.
That's the next thing we tell the user go to the following site and we say the authorization Jerrell
and a query string parameter which is the token specific to the request token that we have asked for
.
Then we create a token object which contains the request token and the verifier.
We create a client with our consumer.
Our app and the newly created token newly created and verified token.
And what that allows us to do now is we use the beautification.
The user has already agreed that our raptured have access.
And we know that it's our app because we've created the request token so we use that request token and
the verifier now to greet our client.
And now with that client we can ask Twitter for an access token and Twitter knows it should give us
it because we verified the request token.
And now what we're going to do is create an authenticated token token object and use that to perform
Twitter API calls on behalf of the user.
OK.
So that's what this video is going to be about creating an authenticated token token object just like
we did up here and use that to perform Twitter API calls so authenticated sorry authorized token I'm
going to change that as well.
I make the mistake all the time.
All right.
Authorized.
There we go.
All right so can is off to a token but now instead of request token we're going to use the access token
and without those ads it creates that token object that as you know is just a thing an object that contains
these two properties here and we could set a very fine if this token needed it but this token object
doesn't need that.
We're going to create an authorized client which is going to be allowed to dog client and is going to
use our consumer which is our app and also the authorized token.
Now this client is authorized Klein that we're creating use is the authorized token and what that means
what it means that it uses your I still can.
It is that whenever we do a request to Twitter API that token is going to get sent along with a request
and because we're sending that token Twitter is going to read the token and is going to realize that
that token is an access token it has that stored somewhere in a database so it knows that that token
is an access token and therefore we are representing the user that authorized our application and received
that token.
So this client is now representing the user that locked in and gave us the verify so myself.
Now make Twitter API calls.
So now we can do something like response comic content equals authorized client don't request and we
can do something like We don't have in here.
But we can do something like search.
So I'm going to do.
Hastey P.S. call on slushed lush API dot com slash 1.1 busters the API version that we're using and
then search slash tweets dot Jason.
So going back to Safari I'm going to go into the documentation
that rest the API.
And that's the search API.
A popular API that allows us to do queries against the indices of recent or popular tweets.
OK so what allows us to do is essentially search recent tweets and we are able to send it query operators
such as words that it should contain.
Or for example at NASA for tweets mentioning the account Nassa.
And there's a bunch of other filters like filter images and.
Identify those photos.
So that's what we're going to be doing.
We're going to be running the search on this Johana is the P.S. colon slash slash API not what it accom
slash 1.1 slash search slash tweets dot.
Jason quilty string Q equals.
And then the query.
So yes call us at npr.org com.
When we won such tweets start Jason Queally string.
Q equals and here comes the search terms and I'm going to do computers plus filter Colan images so that
when all of us are doing is saying the word computers has to be in it and the filter that we're applying
to the query is images.
Which means we're only going to get images and then we also need to specify what verb we're using for
the hatred request.
So in this case it's going to be get because the search API uses get it there we go.
OK.
So that's going to do the search.
Now all we have to do is say if response Dopp status is not 200 then say print an error occurred when
searching
and finally print content that decode UTF 8.
Now that's what we did up here.
It's just to convert bytes to string which is OK that's fine.
OK.
So that's it.
Now that we've gotten this what we should see printed out is a list of tweets containing computers and
images.
So let's go press play.
We're going to need to authorize the app because we're not storing the access tokens anyway.
Copy the pin come and put it down here
and now we see here printed the access token and then printed status is tweets.
And we've got quite a lot of stuff printed out.
So we are going to need to really go through that and printout the things that interest us the most
.
For example something that could interest us is text that's the contextual content of the tweet.
So we've got a dictionary which has status is and that is a list of tweets and each of the dictionaries
in the tweet has a text so you can think of it as something like this.
Status is text which is what it looks like.
But then there may be more.
And I'm just giving you this because now comes your question which is how would you find the text out
of each of these tweets.
We've got the content here which is well it can be a dictionary picked.
And now we want to print that out.
So the first thing to do is to set a breakpoint run the debugger authorize the app
and now see if we do this walk what comes out OK what comes out is not very useful.
So let's see if just the content decode where there's a give us the content or the code gives us a string
.
And we know that the string is Jason knows sure if we've looked at how to decode Jason.
So we're going to have to look into that before we can print this out.
Ideally what we want is for this to not be a string but to be a python dictionary and for the list to
not be a string but to be a private list and so on so that we can then potentially iterate over it with
a loop or something along those lines.
So what we're going to need is another library which is Jason is a built in library in Python so we
don't need to install it or anything.
Import Jason.
And then say in tweets is Jason don't loads
remove the dict they Jason dot loads and then we give it a string representation of some Jason and that's
when I convert it into a python dictionary.
And the load's method just means load string.
If we remove the s it will load from a file instead of from a string.
And we've looked at that before.
So load X for LUTESTRING.
And that's all it's going to do is get this content and code UTF 8 which is a string.
But as we can see it represents a python dictionary represent some Jason code.
So what it's going to do is convert that into a pipe and dictionary in order to do that.
We're going to have to rerun the debugger and authorize the app again.
You can now see why it might be interesting to start storing these things on a database as opposed to
requiring the user to do that every time.
OK so let's copy that.
OK.
Now we've got something a bit more interesting.
Now we have a dict we have a list of stators.
This looks more interesting.
Now let's look at stators number zero.
It has a text it has.
It should have an image somewhere as well.
Entities and you or else the arrow that has a bunch of your old media.
There we go has the URL of the media.
So for example we could go to this row.
Copy that.
I hope it's not like pornographic or anything.
Please God help me.
Let's copy this copy will you.
And it is not so perfect.
So there we have a galaxy of seven a pound.
And this is all coming from Twitter.
You can see the power that we have now with our application we can access Twitter data which gives us
access to a lot of data.
OK.
And using the debugger we can find out sort of the structure of this dictionary app it more easily let's
forget about the entities for now and just display the text.
So we're going to get the result the tweets and then we're going to go into state as is and for each
of the state says we're going to print out the text so our tweets now looks like this.
How would you go over each tweet and print the text out
.
Hope you try that.
What I would recommend is for tweet in tweets print
am sorry for Tweet tweet status is print tweet text on the status says this is a list.
So this is going to be getting as each of the tweets in that list in that list.
And then we're going to be printing the text inside each tweet.
So let's start the debugger and press play.
We're going to have to authorize again.
And there we go.
We have a list of tweets including computers and images.
So there we go.
I actually don't see the word computer in any of these but not really sure why not.
Maybe am Samsung Galaxy Dell which we are all included in sort of that computers range.
So that may be why.
So as you can see we can now go into the links that they give us and so on.
So now we were able to make requests to a tweet or API as if we were a user.
Users can perform search.
So now we can perform search of the things we could do is get a list of messages of followers we could
follow more people essentially endless things you can do when I would really encourage you to have a
look at the Twitter documentation and find more things that you might be able to do and the way to do
that is to go into depth.
Don't put it com slash rest slash public and there you can find out more about the API that you can
use and calling them on that stuff.
So I would definitely recommend having a look at that and am having to play around with it really.
Because now your application has the power of Twitter behind it.
And that's really quite interesting in terms of the things you can do with it.
So we've looked at logging in with Twitter.
There's a lot of things going on here but hopefully this gave you a bit of an insight into how all mouth
works which is essential these days and also how these API work and a bit more into programming as a
whole.
Even though it was quite a simple program it's quite convoluted and if nobody explains it to you then
it's a bit complicated to understand what to do next would be to start storing these access tokens in
a database.
So whenever we create a user registration as well as the email and password and things like that or
instead of we could store these access tokens and then whenever a user wants to log in we already have
the access tokens stored for Twitter for them.
So that's what we're going to be doing over the next few videos and that's going to simplify the flow
and not require the user to authorize the application every time.
Without further ado I'll be seeing you in the very next video